This file explains how each script should be used to reproduce the analyses and the results of this study. 

First, we recommend that the user download the "same_page" project folder and save it somewhere on their machine. This will allow you to run the scripts without needing to change the locations of any of the files involved. 

Study 1A

Assigning and Scoring the Articles

The first step in running the analyses of Study 1A, is to assign each article to a subfield and to award each article with an Open Data and Open Materials Score. For this task, you will need the dataset titled "Study 1A Master Dataset.csv" (in 'Data Files') and the script titled "Study 1A Scoring.R" (in 'Scoring the Data'). Open the "Study 1A Scoring.R" script. If you haven't saved the "same_page" folder onto your machine, you will need to change the location of the "Study 1B Master Dataset.csv" file, in line 9 of the script, to where you have it saved. Then, simply run the script. 

In line 185, you will find the code that was used to save the new scored dataset onto your machine. However, if you have saved the entire "same_page" folder, there is no need to run this line of code. The new scored dataset is already located in the 'Data Files' folder. 

Running the Analyses

Once you have scored the articles, you can carry out the corresponding analyses. Open the script titled "Study 1A Analysis.Rmd" (Analysis > Study 1A). This script runs the ANOVA analyses described and the article, generates Figure 2 and 3, and also runs the corresponding *t*-tests. 

The file titled "Study-1A-Analysis.html" contains the output of "Study 1A Analysis.Rmd". 

Study 1B

Assigning and Scoring the Articles

As in Study 1A, the first step is to assign each article to a subfield, and to award each article with an Open Data and Open Materials Score. For this task, you will need the dataset titled "Study 1B Master Dataset.csv" (in Data Files) and the script titled "Study 1B Scoring.R" (in 'Scoring the Data').
  
If you have saved the "same_page" folder onto your machine, simply run the "Study 1B Scoring.R" script, to assign each article to a subfield, and to score the articles. If you haven't saved the "same_page" folder onto your machine, you will need to change the location of the "Study 1B Master Dataset.csv"  file, in line 9 of the script, to where you have saved it on your machine. 

In line 168, you will find the code that was used to save the new scored dataset onto your machine. However, if you have saved the entire "same_page" folder, there is no need to run this line of code. The new scored dataset is already located in the 'Data Files' folder. 

Running the Confirmatory Analyses 

Articles Published Between 2019-20

To run the confirmatory analyses for articles published between 2019-20, open the script titled "Study 1B Confirmatory Analysis (2019-20).Rmd" (Analysis > Study 1B). If you haven't saved the "same_page" folder onto your machine, you will need to change the location of the "Scored Study 1B Master Dataset.csv"file to where you have it saved it, in line 28 of the script. Then, simply run the script. This script runs the 2019-20 ANOVA analyses, generates Figure 4 and 5, and also runs the corresponding *t*-tests. 

The file titled "Study-1B-Confirmatory-Analysis--2019-20-.html" contains the output of "Study 1B Confirmatory Analysis (2019-20).Rmd".

Articles Published in 2014-15 vs. 2019-20

To run the confirmatory analyses for articles published in 2014-15 vs. 2019-20, open the script titled "Study 1B Confirmatory Analysis (2014-15 vs. 2019-20).Rmd" (Analysis > Study 1B). If you haven't saved the "same_page" folder onto your machine, you will need to change the location of the "Scored Study 1A Master Dataset.csv"  file and of the "Scored Study 1B Master Dataset.csv"  file to where you have saved them in line 29 and 42 of the script, respectively. Then, simply run the script. This script runs the 2014-15 vs. 2019-20 ANOVA analyses, generates Figure 6 and 7, and also runs the corresponding *t*-tests. 

The file titled "Study-1B-Confirmatory-Analysis--2014-15-vs.-2019-20-.html" contains the output of "Study 1B Confirmatory Analysis (2014-15 vs. 2019-20).Rmd". 

Running the Exploratory Analyses 

Raincloud plots

To generate the raincloud plots illustrated in Figure 8, you will need the datasets titled "Scored Study 1A Master Dataset.csv" (in 'Data Files') and "Scored Study 1B Master Dataset.csv" (in 'Data Files'). First, open and run the script titled "R_raincloud.R" (Analysis > Study 1B). This will create a function that will allow you to generate raincloud plots. Once you have created the function, open the script titled "Study 1B Exploratory Analysis - Raincloud Plots.Rmd" (Analysis > Study 1B). If you haven't saved the "same_page" folder onto your machine, you will need to change the location of the "Scored Study 1A Master Dataset.csv" file to where you have it saved in line 26 of the script. Similarly, in line 113, you will need to change the location of the "Scored Study 1B Master Dataset.csv" file to where you have saved it. Then, simply run the script. 

The file titled "Study-1B-Exploratory-Analysis---Raincloud-Plots-.html" contains the output of "Study 1B Exploratory Analysis - Raincloud Plots.Rmd". 

Open Science Badges 

To generate Figure 9 and 10, you will need the datasets titled "Scored Study 1A Master Dataset.csv" and "Scored Study 1B Master Dataset.csv". Open the script titled "Study 1B Exploratory Analysis - Open Science Badges.Rmd" (Analysis > Study 1B). If you haven't saved the "same_page" folder onto your machine, you will need to change the location of the "Scored Study 1A Master Dataset.csv" file to where you have it saved in line 21 of the script. Similarly, in line 126, you will need to change the location of the "Scored Study 1B Master Dataset.csv" file to where you have saved it. Then, simply run the script. 

The file titled "Study-1B-Exploratory-Analysis---Open-Science-Badges-.html" contains the output of "Study 1B Exploratory Analysis - Open Science Badges.Rmd". 

Supplementary Figures 

We created four supplementary figures that weren't included in the study. The first two illustrated the percentage of articles, of those that had reported having openly accessible data and materials between 2014-15, that met a series of data and material sharing criteria, respectively. To generate these figures you will need the dataset titled "Scored Study 1A Master Dataset.csv" (in 'Data Files') and the script titled "Supplementary Figures (2014-15).Rmd" (Analysis > Supplementary Figures). If you haven't saved the "same_page" folder onto your machine, you will need to change the location of the "Scored Study 1A Master Dataset.csv" file, in line 38, to where you have it saved. Then, simply run the script.

The file titled "Supplementary-Figures-2014-15-.html" contains the supplementary figures. This file also contains definitions of each data and material sharing criterion.

The remaining two figures illustrated the percentage of articles, of those that had reported having openly accessible data and materials between 2019-20, that met the same series of data and material sharing criteria, respectively. To generate these figures you will need the dataset titled "Scored Study 1B Master Dataset.csv" (in 'Data Files') and the script titled "Supplementary Figures (2019-20).Rmd" (Analysis > Supplementary Figures). If you haven't saved the "same_page" folder onto your machine, you will need to change the location of the "Scored Study 1B Master Dataset.csv" file, in line 38, to where you have it saved. Then, simply run the script.

The file titled "Supplementary-Figures-2019-20-.html" contains the supplementary figures. This file also contains definitions of each data and material sharing criterion. 